Add find config entry tip to Nord Pool (#38554)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/nordpool.markdown

{% endnote %}

{% tip %}

> You can get your `config_entry` by using actions within [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/), using one of the Nord Pool actions and viewing the YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get your `config_entry` by using actions within the [developer tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/): use one of the Nord Pool actions and view the YAML.
```

Using a trigger template, you can create a template sensor to calculate tomorrow's lowest price which also puts the list of all prices in the attributes of the sensor. All prices are returned in [Currency]/MWh.

{% note %}

Below example will convert the action call response to kWh prices in the selected currency and add all prices for tomorrow as a list in an attribute.

{% endnote %}

{% tip %}

> You can get your `config_entry` by using actions within [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/), using one of the Nord Pool actions and viewing the YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get your `config_entry` by using actions within the [developer tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/): use one of the Nord Pool actions and view the YAML.
```
